hello it's Ruby and today I am going to
be doing a Johnny frozen pool the first
thing I got is this denim pinafores
dress and I really like this it's a
really nice dark shaded saloon
I will save up this dress which is
really really like really really bright
blue and it's a kind of a velvety
material I also got this dress which
really reminds me is kind of picnic Jack
I got two jumpers the first one is this
which I love I think this is my favorite
thing that I got and and it's kind of a
military-style jumper but it's all
sparkly here and I love the shade of
blue I also got this jumper which is
again very sparkly and it's got lots of
different colored stripes and I think
this actually reminds me of something
that Hermione would wear in maybe the
five films that I got to t-shirt the
first one is this one which says pass
your little friend and I also got 50
shirts so I work two pairs of jeans I
got these ones and also these ones then
I got this power of capri pants I think
they're called and they've got these
this really cool kind of I only been
able kind of passions how would I
describe this but it's got lemon trees
and peacocks and it's so summery and
these are really comfortable then I got
and a pair of shorts and these are
really cool they're bright yellow and
then they've got these braces on them
and the braces are detachable so you can
take them off if you don't want to wear
them and I got another pair of shorts
that they are cycling shorts and these
are the ones that I got you can just
wear them under dresses which is perfect
for if you want to do cartwheels or
anything and they have these in so many
different patterns I was really torn
between any coconuts and flowers but I
decided that the flowers my favorite so
then I got two
bikini tops these are the sort of style
ones so the first one is this one and
it's got really pretty flowers hair and
then some stripes here and the other one
is the same
I have a different polka dot then I've
got one pair of shoes it is this pair of
boots they've got these two buckles here
and they're really comfortable are they
without from 70 to 20 which is an
amazing deal I cannot believe that we
got them so cheap the last few things I
got are actually things that I bought on
deport but because they're still from
Rome I thought that I would show you so
the first thing is this oats me on more
of nuts the color and it's a henry top
and this is just really good for wearing
under jumpers if it's recalled and the
second thing is I shall ready own this
it's a button-down skirt when I wear it
so much and so when I found it on du
Pape I thought that I would get one just
so I have stabbed so that everything
that I bought from Bowden as you can
tell I am a massive fan of that product
it's my favorite place to buy clothes it
will read practical and durable and it's
quite wholesome and very British thank
you again and have alerted week